Define state constants (#515)
gocardless/statesman: README.md

}
```

## Class constants
Each machine's state will turn into a constant:
```ruby
Machine.state(:some_state, initial: true)
Machine.state(:another_state)

Machine::SOME_STATE #=> "some_state"

> Machine::ANOTHER_STATE # => "another_state"

Reviewer: Generally think this is a good idea, would be nicer if the states were in their own module so this would become

```ruby
Machine::States::SOME_STATE
```

Author: I'm not sure if it would be nicer because these constants are already inside the specialized class, the StateMachine, so it becomes  `PaymentStateMachine::PAID`, and I think it follows the current code organization, we have code like: 
- `PaymentStateMachine.initial_state`
- `PaymentStateMachine.states`
- `PaymentStateMachine.successors` 

And not:
- `PaymentStateMachine::States.initial_state`
- `PaymentStateMachine::States.all`
- `PaymentStateMachine::States.successors`

What do you think? If you are sure that it will better inside the States module, I can make the changes.

Reviewer: Thinking about it a little more I think you're right, its probably less unexpected to have the constant in the same module as the call to `state`. I also noticed this is pattern we've unofficially adopted in a few places

}
```

## Class constants

> Each machine's state will turn into a constant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a state to a state machine will automatically create a constant for the value, for example:
```

> ```ruby

Reviewer: Would be good to give an example of a simple state machine here, e.g.

```ruby
class OrderStateMachine
  include Statesman::Machine

  state :pending, initial: true
  state :checking_out
  state :cancelled

  # Constants created as a side effect of adding state
  transition from: PENDING, to: [CHECKING_OUT, CANCELLED]
end
```
Which shows how why the constants are more useful - i.e. error at app boot rather than runtime.
